Hi friends
In this video we are going to discuss about operators in C
the operators are used to perform mathematical and
logical calculations in a programme
So when we talk about operators we definitely need to
know about operands as well
So what is an operand? So if you have an
expression A + B than the operands in this expression
are A and B and the + here is the
operator
So basically you have an operator which performs an operation
on the operands
Now let us discuss about the classification of operators
So we have unary operators, binary operators and ternary
operators. The first is unary operator and we just
need single operand for this operation to work
Some examples are the increment operator and the decrement
operator and see how it can be used ++a
So in this expression you have an operator ++
and an operand which is a
So a single operand is needed here
Next we have binary operators and here we need
2 operands. examples  are + - * % etcetera
and a +b  is an example for that
So you have 2 operands A and B and
one operator which is + here. next is ternary operator
and here to perform calculation you need three operands
And this is an example for that which is called
the Conditional Operator in C and see this example
a greater than b ? print a:print B; so it works
Like if a greater than b then Print a else
print b
So these are the three types of operators
So that's all and thank you for watching this video